>> Brian Holt: So I've had a broken
layout here for a little bit.
If you've been following along, the layout
actually probably was correct, but
I messed some of my divs up.
So let's just go ahead and fix where
some of these actually ended up going.
So one, the order of pizza is actually
supposed to be inside of this,
as is the price.
So we'll just move both of these
inside of the if statement.
That's good.
And then I think down here at the bottom,
I'm closing the div down here.
That's not actually where it gets closed.
This should be closed right before
the Submit button, I think.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
it's supposed to be closed here.
>> Brian Holt: And that should bring
you more to something like this.
I imagine this is what most of
you have been seeing for a while.
And the last thing that I did break,
if you go to App.jsx,
and you just give this
h1 a class name of logo,
you should get a nice Padre Gino's.
One more kind of fun thing that we can do
with hooks here and use PizzaOfTheDay,
we're gonna use one more hook
here called useDebugValue.
I'll be honest, sparingly use this, but
I'm gonna show you cuz it can be useful,
particularly if you have
a large codebase and
you're maintaining a set of hooks
that a bunch of developers use.
Let's say that we wanna be able to see
at a glance in the React DevTools, what
the value of our hook is, because it's not
immediately visible in the component view.
You can kind of give it hints.
So that's what we're gonna do here.
So we're gonna say useDebugValue.
And if we have a PizzaOfTheDay, then
we're just gonna say something like this.
I'm gonna use a template string of,
>> Brian Holt: pizzaOfTheDay.name.
You can put whatever else
here that you want to,
like maybe,
>> Brian Holt: I don't
know
>> Brian Holt: Description.
We'll put description.
I don't know what else here
you would ever wanna see.
Or maybe let's do id.
That's a good one.
Let's do name here, we'll do id first, and
then we'll just put a colon between them.
And then you need a ternary there.
>> Brian Holt: And if nothing's there,
then you just wanna display loading,
right?
>> Brian Holt: So it doesn't return
anything, this is purely for developments.
This is purely for the DevTools.
>> Brian Holt: When this is in production
mode, this won't get logged out,
I don't think.
>> Brian Holt: So now,
if we look in the React DevTools and
our components, and
I look at my PizzaOfTheDay,
you can see here,
>> Brian Holt: Tells me my hooks.
And notice this nice-looking
string next to it.
This is the debug value
>> Brian Holt: Which is kinda nice, right?
So imagine if you have 30
custom hooks in there.
It has nice values for your,
>> Brian Holt: For
your custom hooks there.
I think you can only use debug value once.
I think if I try and use it again,
it just doesn't do anything, or
maybe it overwrites it.
>> Brian Holt: No, it actually
does give you an array of things.
>> Brian Holt: Interesting,
didn't used to do that.
>> Brian Holt: Kinda useful.
>> Brian Holt: And there's nothing
to stop you from just fully,
just throwing the whole thing on there,
right?
You don't necessarily need
to do that because it will
be inside of your hook, right?
So mostly, it's just something
that you wanna be able to
tell at a glance the difference
between all of them.
In reality, if this really was me,
I probably would just put
the id,
>> Brian Holt: Cuz
this is very readable at a glance,
right, the green garden ID, right?
>> Brian Holt: So that is specifically
the very niche use case for useDebugValue,
is for custom hooks,
identifying them at a glance.